Add meeting notes for 29/7/25 (#6576)
Couchers-org/couchers: docs/meetings/dev/2025-07-29.md

# Weekly Dev meeting

When: 29/7/25, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Andrei, Cameron, Chris, Colleen, Jesse, Nicole
Scribe: Aapeli

# Notes

* Chit chat
  - Where is the engineering job market?
* Aapeli: legal agreements update
* Reranker is live

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: code reviews, reranker, decline flow improvements backend, random backend fixes, volunteer table, volunteer page text, legal & data policy, added pg connection info, reminders, moderation stuff; will review PRs to best of his ability

>   - Nicole: merged a PR to expand/collapse notification settings, upgraded Next `Link`s, added Dutch, PR for react-query upgrade, edit profile page, request for donation after SV, reviewed PRs for many folks; finishing all these PRs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Nicole: merged a PR to expand/collapse notification settings, removed Next `Link`s legacyBehavior, added Dutch, PR for react-query upgrade, edit profile page, request for donation after SV, reviewed PRs for many folks; finishing all these PRs
```
